channel n was there and witnessed the
impact caused by the stews of
bicolor flag
to Peruvian food in chile is a great
reference is more transversal from the
knoll of the most elegant neighborhoods to
the simplest neighborhoods the day of the
inauguration nobody could resist to
the flavors and even less to our
Peruvian rhythms in Chile
They were thrilled with the Creole music
black today of the beech and the huayno
the neighbors of the south forgot about
historical rivalries and tried
recognize the multiple flavors of
Peruvian stews look like in the
cause tomorrow not me I love the
food but I do not love it has always
liked is very good always like that the
cause also also not this is
incredible is very good
I loved it
one by one they identified the ingredients
others for the first time died of
curiosity to feel on the palate the
strong flavor of the dishes
as a Chilean I am but a lover of
food vergara about all this
distinguished money
look at the wall of money does not come
pro thaksin wine
OK OK
they love picarones that he told them
they showed that visiting them does not have
borders and on the last day of the fair
food and service these are the long
queues that are recorded by more than three
hours they will also be able
Enjoy Peruvian cuisine that
here is the special guest
the most happy were the most
thirty-two small and medium
entrepreneurs who came to a city
far to put in a showcase the
Peruvian products the nostalgia and the
amazement were reflected in their faces
well miss every give I like where the
Peruvian desserts compatriots
host the best-selling dish of the
house is the flag dish is the rice
northern port
but the star dish came with the
ceviche of concord consumption of
aromas and flavors I agreed to file
roughness between Peruvians and Chileans is
the ceviche of concord of what
we wanted to show Peruvian cuisine
and Chilean no differences do not exist
here discrepancy only there is union
we the Peruvian chefs are
delighted to prepare this dish that
we do it with great joy and with much
passion the impact that has had since
several years the Peruvian food in chile
has generated almost an invasion
of Peruvian restaurants in the center of
the strong flavor of rocoto and
rich seasoning of colored flag heat
to any passerby of the cold
Andean streets
from chile with Luis's camera
corrals katia gutiérrez canal m